>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>> People are basically going
to keep on to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
We all talk about the
weather, but how many of us
are actually caught
in weather like this?
Scott Stevens with
us, weatherman.
>>SCOTT STEVENS:
What a sweet storm.
And the intensity of these
thunderstorms, George,
is incredible over the
past couple of years.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
>>STEVENS: Yeah, it is.
That's a sweet rain storm.
And here in
Colorado, if you were
around last
September or August--
>>NOORY: I was.
>>STEVENS: --woo.
>>NOORY: We were coming
for "Beyond Belief"
and we had flown in
right after the floods.
But some of the roads and parts
of the freeway were shut down,
and it was a mess.
>>STEVENS: It was.
>>NOORY: I was in
St. Louis, Scott,
back in 1993 when they
have the so-called 500--
>>STEVENS: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Year flood.
>>STEVENS: I saw it too.
>>NOORY: And know what
a 500 year flood means,
of course, as you
know, is that they
expect a major flood like
that every 500 years.
What they can't
tell you, though,
is right after that flood,
the next one could start.
It's any time--
>>STEVENS: Between.
>>NOORY: --in those--
>>STEVENS: An interval.
>>NOORY: --500 years.
And that was unbelievable.
We went on a top of a hill
and looked down, and actually
saw a shopping center
area totally flooded
out, eight feet tall of water.
>>STEVENS: Unreal.
>>NOORY: Now, the big question
is, is it does subside?
>>STEVENS: It does.
>>NOORY: Where does it go?
>>STEVENS: The Gulf
of Mexico, hopefully.
>>NOORY: My gosh.
>>STEVENS: But a
lot of it should
soak in and recharge
that groundwater.
>>NOORY: Are there like
little canals in the planet?
I mean once that water soaks
in, does it just keep going down
or where does it go?
>>STEVENS: Boy, that's
another question.
Most of it should end up
in one of the watersheds,
either Pacific, Atlantic,
or Gulf for Americans.
But a lot it has got to soak in.
And what we're seeing with
those kind of thunderstorms
is that we get so much runoff
and it happens so fast, so
rapidly, and so
often, the ground
is powder dry when it begins.
So that you could have a three
inch rainfall in an hour,
and yet only that much
of the soil is hydrated.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>STEVENS: The rest is gone.
And so, when you come back
and do the climatology,
you run down the
numbers for the month.
Oh, we're right at normal.
But then the trees are
brown, the crops are dry.
>>NOORY: The grass
is drying out.
>>STEVENS: And we're stressed.
And so, that is
the challenge when
we see these kind of
crazy, crazy storms.
And then, as you mentioned,
the Mississippi in '93,
we kind of had a flooding
situation in 2008 as well.
But then the next year, the
barges can't move up the mess--
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>STEVENS: --because
it's so dry.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
They've been talking
about a drought,
and then we get heavy
rains the next year.
It's all topsy-turvy.
What's up is down.
>>STEVENS: And that's what
we're trying to get used to.
And so farmers, what do I do?
What do I plant?
Do I plant
drought-resistant crops,
or they get flooded
out in June and we
have to plant again
when the fields dry out
in late June and July.
And can they then
get the sorghum?
Can they get the
soybeans, or do they
have to go to a
short season crop?
And it's expensive.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>STEVENS: You've
got to go to Pioneer.
You've got to Monsanto
to buy these seeds again.
And so it's a challenge for
us, as businessmen, as farmers,
to accommodate the weather.
>>NOORY: Remember the old
Farmers Almanac, and those
Almanacs were able to
predict the weather.
>>NOORY: I always took a
look at them and go oh.
>>NOORY: Boy, were they fun.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
They're fun.
>>NOORY: But my point is
wasn't weather more predictable
some time ago, than it is today?
>>STEVENS: I believe so.
I believe so.
And that was why I
ended up on this path,
is because in the late '90s, I
was throwing my hands up, going
what is going on here?
This is weather.
We can see it coming for miles.
We could see the whole planet.
We have an understanding
of how it works.
>>NOORY: Or we think we do.
>>STEVENS: And so that
was my frustration
is failing forecast.
And I'm good.
But then every year it
was a little bit less,
and I would read the discussions
out of the Weather Prediction
Center in DC, and they
were like oh, the models
are all over the place.
We kind of don't know
what's going to happen.
So they would give
us potentials,
and then close by
saying, all we could do
is issue a low
confidence forecast.
And so for us in the field,
interfacing with the public,
we're like OK, this is what
we think is going to happen.
The guys in DC, and
the latest data says,
well, this is probably
what the storm will do.
And then as we
talked earlier, there
is this technology happening.
And so, what I
learned is I'm not
forecasting the natural
processes of this planet
anymore.
I have to anticipate,
not forecast,
but anticipate an agenda.
And if the agent is drought,
then the trend is your friend,
and that's what you forecast.
>>NOORY: This
predictability, I mean
there are some weather
related websites
that are out there, that give
you forecasts for two or three
weeks out.
How in the heck can you do
that when you might not even
be able to predict what's
going to happen tomorrow?
>>STEVENS: Indeed.
And in some ways, it is
more difficult to now cast,
within the next six hours,
than it is six and 16 days out.
>>NOORY: Really.
>>STEVENS: That is true.
That is true.
Let's go to Sandy,
Hurricane Sandy.
That was a big weather
event that we all recall.
>>NOORY: That's the one
that went up North, right?
>>STEVENS: Hm-hmm.
Just prior to election time.
>>NOORY: Hit New
Jersey, wiped that out.
>>STEVENS: What I saw was
that the models initially
had let that hurricane recurve
out in the North Atlantic.
And then an email came
in one day, morning,
and said, oh, this looks like
it could be a monster storm.
I'm like nah, the models
are taking it out to sea.
And then I looked again, I'm
like, that's interesting.
And so, I did some
more looking around,
and then I got under
the water vapor imagery,
so you can see the vapor
flowing in the atmosphere.
And what I saw was an
impulse that would eventually
be responsible for
impacting Sandy,
just emerging from Siberia.
And as it got within view,
there were all these trails,
[MOUTH SOUND] just
hitting Sandy.
I mean this is intense.
And so, some of the models,
the European models,
brought the storm ashore.
The American models, the GFS,
were taking it out to sea.
I thought OK.
>>NOORY: It didn't
go out to sea.
>>STEVENS: No, it didn't.
But if they're engineering
this that intently,
then I've got to change how
I'm going to view the storm.
They're going to
recurve it ashore.
So they know days ahead of time,
exactly what's going to happen.
And they're forcing
the jetstream
to conform to some resonance
pattern, to trap a storm
and keep it in this path.
And the trails
don't do it per say.
They just give them
guidelines so they
can see where
everything is gong.
>>NOORY: It's almost
like a horse race.
>>STEVENS: True.
>>NOORY: In a
horse race, you can
predict the outcome
of the horse,
because he's pretty--
runs to form.
What you can't
predict is the jockey.
>>STEVENS: The rider.
>>NOORY: What is he
going to do today?
Is he playing around?
Is he going to be honest?
Is he not?
These are variables
you cannot predict.
It's almost as if weather
predicting is the same thing,
where you can predict the
normal weather patterns
and what's expected.
But then if you inject
TARP or manipulation,
you can't predict that anymore.
>>STEVENS: No.
And that was what
I came to terms
with is there's some delta.
Some change in value.
Whether it's temperature,
wind, moisture,
or some other more
abstract feature
that is not in the textbooks
that they're playing with.
And so that introduces
this uncertainty
in our ability to forecast.
And that was my
great frustration.
Standing up in front
of thousands of people
and giving a forecast,
knowing full well
that I'm just doing
the best I can.
And you come in the next day
and you're like, sorry guys.
Blew that one.
But I can't tell you why.
>>NOORY: And it's
go to be upsetting.
>>STEVENS: It was.
>>NOORY: When you
miss a forecast,
do you take it personally?
>>STEVENS: Why?
What did I miss?
What did I not see?
>>NOORY: And how
did I not know that?
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
And so what happened, and
this is when I'm looking back
to the imaging, I'm like
oh, there's these warmings.
On TV, they're showing
a satellite imagery,
it's almost always infrared.
So they're looking at the
temperature of the cloud tops.
The colder the cloud top
gets, the taller it is,
the higher it is in the sky.
And so the taller
the thunderstorm,
the colder the top, the
greater the instability
below it to volt that storm up.
And with the skalar technology
we talked about earlier,
if you begin to warm the top
of a storm, the updraft fails.
There's no reason for this warm
parcel to move into warmer air.
It's like, I don't
want to go there.
The buoyancy is gone.
And so that's what I saw.
>>NOORY: And that's
pretty standard.
>>STEVENS: It is.
That is standard.
That is standard thermodynamics.
And so, there were these warming
holes showing up in the storms,
and that's when I realized that
I can't forecast any longer.
I can't.
I can't do it to
the standard that I
had become accustomed to.
>>NOORY: Why manipulate a
little storm, like we just saw?
>>STEVENS: Because
it's part of the whole.
Part of the whole.
There is no part that isn't
connected to the rest of it.
It's like an Olympic
size swimming
pool and a small child
playing in a corner.
Those ripples radiate across--
>>NOORY: They are--
>>STEVENS: --the whole
volume of the pool.
>>NOORY: --what they are.
Once you start them, they--
>>STEVENS: They go.
And so this is another
reason for the chemtrails.
So if you want to arrest
the movement of a wave form,
you run a line and
then re-introduce
a counterintuitive wave
or a canceling wave,
and it voids the activity,
and it cancels it
from moving beyond
that boundary.
>>NOORY: We've got a picture
of what looks like a chemtrail,
right up here.
Can you explain that for us?
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
This shot was sent
to me by a viewer
of my site,
weatherwars.info, and it
was Italy in May of 2005.
And you can see a
square, a pyramid,
essentially a diamond
standing on its end.
>>NOORY: It's weird.
>>STEVENS: It is truly weird.
And then there's this
dark hole in the middle
that this trail flies
precisely through.
And what's curious is once
the trail, the bright side,
the upper part hits that
hole, the other side,
the behavior of the trail
is changed entirely,
and is much, much
dimmer, even though that
is the more recent
aspect of the trail.
So these trails
remained illuminated,
when they're supposed to
be-- how can I say this.
There's different mixtures.
One will reveal the
presence of moisture.
One will reveal the presence
of upward vertical velocity.
of ionizationed molecules.
There's many agendas
and many mixtures.
Because if you're
going to build a house,
you're not going to do
it with just a hammer.
You need a screwdriver, you
need nails, you need wood,
you need other tools.
>>NOORY: Is this being done
primarily for economic gain?
Is it being done for warfare?
Are they trying to
cripple other nations?
What are they doing?
>>STEVENS: All of that.
All of that.
And this is why I,
in the beginning,
I'm like who's doing this?
Is it Russians
against Americans?
Americans against Chinese?
Or is this--
>>NOORY: Or us against us.
>>STEVENS: Us against us.
Or is it this one world
order against everyone.
And so that we're all
victims, as Defense Secretary
Cohen called, ecoterrorism.
And that's essentially
what I settled on.
That it doesn't matter
what nation you're in,
we are under the thumb of
a power structure, that
is intent on harming us.
>>NOORY: It's insane,
when you think about it.
>>STEVENS: And it's wrong.
It's wrong, George.
And this is something
that can be changed,
I believe, but only
with awareness.
>>NOORY: If you
went on the street
and interviewed
people about this
and asked them about chemtrails
and weather manipulation,
what would most people say?
>>STEVENS: I don't think they
could formulate a response
in 10 seconds or 15 seconds,
like a man on the street.
>>NOORY: They don't understand.
>>STEVENS: They
don't understand.
And then that's by design.
>>NOORY: Viewers to this show,
listeners to Coast to Coast,
they understand.
>>STEVENS: They will.
They're open.
They're curious.
They're investigative.
And that was something that
I couldn't stop doing, once I
began going down
this rabbit hole,
is there were so many offshoots.
And I'm like holy cow, look
at all that's happening here.
At the beginning of
the last century,
global warming was
a desired outcome.
They wanted to warm the planet
so they could melt the poles
and go exploring.
Again, exploitation of
the physical resources
of this planet.
>>NOORY: And how
about also go blaming.
>>STEVENS: Truly.
But I'm going to go
back to the guy I talked
with last night that was an
NCAR researcher-- National
Centers for Atmosphere Research.
And they had these guys chasing
CO2, chasing gases, and trying
to convince us
that our breath is
what's changing
the climate system.
When, indeed, the powers
that be are laughing--
laughing and saying,
ha-ha, look at them.
They research,
they get millions,
and the Black Ops get
trillions of dollars.
And what's curious
is this guy says,
I don't look at
clouds that much.
I don't look at cloud physics.
That's not what
I'm interested in.
And I think well,
that's too bad,
because that's where
the answers are
to what is happening in the sky.
And so I grabbed my camera--
>>NOORY: Trusty digital.
>>STEVENS: Best tool.
>>NOORY: There you go.
And I went through lots
of pictures and videos
that I'd shot just within
the last two weeks.
>>NOORY: Is it bizarre?
>>STEVENS: It is bizarre.
And at the end of
the discussion,
he's like, you know, we don't
know about anything of this.
We haven't been told.
We haven't been briefed.
And so, these guys, our
National Weather Service,
our Centers for Atmospheric
Research are out chasing gas.
>>NOORY: When they see things
like this, what do they say?
Are they in shock?
>>STEVENS: They're
curious, intrigued,
and then the shock sets in.
>>NOORY: Do they
know or do they admit
there's something
strange going on?
Or do they say oh,
this is all natural?
>>STEVENS: No, no, no.
Absolutely they admit
something strange is going on.
And that's why they
need something to blame.
That's why global warming,
because the planet
quit warming in '97.
We have localized hot
spots, but as a whole,
at the two meter
level, we are cooling.
And that's as a result
of the changes--
>>NOORY: They don't
want you to know that.
>>STEVENS: No.
Because then they can't
tax us for our exhaust,
our breath, our CO2.
And then that money
gives the money system
another way to rehypoallocate,
to spend, to borrow,
to go further into debt.
And Ireland wants to charge
their residents like $25 a ton
for each CO2 that they--
>>NOORY: Is this all
about money, Scottie--
>>STEVENS: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: --in your opinion?
>>STEVENS: That is the
god, the green god.
That's the money.
And we've got companies--
Boeing, Airbus, Learjet,
Gulfstream, Cessna--
all making planes.
And so they're
sitting at the trough
of the military-industrial
complex.
So there is reward
for them to be silent.
>>NOORY: There's a great reward.
>>STEVENS: It will end.
But I think it's going to
be the planet that ends it.
She will step up.
This being that we live
on, this being that
supports and sustains in
every molecule we have is her.
And will say enough.
Enough.
>>NOORY: Let's talk about
things that are happening.
Whether they're
manipulated or not,
things are happening
on this planet.
>>STEVENS: Indeed.
>>NOORY: And they're
happening rapidly.
We're seeing extreme
weather patterns every year,
whether it's extreme
cold, or extreme hot,
or extreme droughts,
or extreme wetness.
>>STEVENS: Yup.
>>NOORY: All of that, is
that a planet damaging thing?
I mean these extremes-- we don't
have anything normal anymore.
>>STEVENS: In my opinion it is.
It is planet damaging.
And it is a way-- If you
want to go big picture,
I think there's an
agenda to reduce
the population of the
humans on this planet.
>>NOORY: Well, some
people have said
they would like to get
these seven billion people
on this planet down
to 500 million.
>>STEVENS: And it may be 5,000.
There may be a massive,
massive bottleneck.
>>NOORY: As long as
they're the 5,000, right?
>>STEVENS: Truly.
Truly.
There's interesting
information that we may go--
>>NOORY: That's pretty low.
>>STEVENS: --a
change in the sun.
That something
happens significantly
with the sun to
greatly impact life
on the surface of this planet.
>>NOORY: Can we control it?
>>STEVENS: I don't believe so.
I don't think we should want to.
>>NOORY: You think
they know something
and they're not telling us?
>>STEVENS: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Why else would they be building
all of these underground bases.
>>NOORY: What do you
think is going on?
>>STEVENS: I think the
sun's going to change.
I think the sun is
going to change.
We'll go from a yellow
star to a blue star.
And in that process--
>>NOORY: In our lifetime?
>>STEVENS: In our lifetime.
I really do.
I think it is-- It wasn't
a 2012 event, obviously.
>>NOORY: Explain what a
yellow star to a blue star is.
>>STEVENS: More
ultraviolet radiation.
A higher energy.
And that is going to take
a reworking of the genetics
on this planet.
So that may be why that there
are all these morgellons,
these nanofarms, these
nanotechnologies that's
raining out on us,
and cell tissue
samples that just about
every being could be taken
from this planet
will show evidence
of an uptake of this technology.
It's there.
But to what end is still a
little bit curious to me.
But I think there is an
agenda to-- obviously,
we've broken the food
chain in the Pacific.
The Gulf of Mexico
is not healthy.
>>NOORY: Oceans are dying.
>>STEVENS: Oceans are dying.
And how many billions
rely on those oceans
to feed themselves?
It is many.
>>NOORY: Well, and how
about the fish in the sea
that rely on the plankton
and other things to survive.
So if they all start
going like dominoes,
we're in the dominoes.
We're part of it.
>>STEVENS: So I think
the way out of this
for us is a union of
thought, is a focused intent,
and knowing that there
is help, whether it's
from the spirit realm
or off this planet.
I mean humanity is special.
>>NOORY: Do we have that
kind of time, though, Scott?
>>STEVENS: Yes, we do.
Time is an illusion.
Time is not real.
I mean it feels real,
but it can be changed.
And we radiocarbon date
things and say oh, it's
four billion years old.
But it's curious.
Time is different the
closer you get to the sun.
Time-- the rate of
time changes as you
vary your distance from the sun.
So what is four billion?
Is it really four
billion years, or is it
just reworked in the
twinkling of an eye.
And that's something
we have to be open to.
>>NOORY: That it could
happen like that.
>>STEVENS: Truly.
Truly.
>>NOORY: See, I'm convinced
one day we'll wake up
in the morning and we'll get hit
by an asteroid, just like that.
>>STEVENS: And it's not
probably far off, either.
>>NOORY: Because most
astronomers will tell you,
we don't even know what's out
there until we see it going by.
>>STEVENS: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Whoa!
What was that?
The sun has been active lately.
Sunspots are getting bigger.
If we get hit with a major
ex-flare, major ex-flare--
>>STEVENS: The
proper orientation.
>>NOORY: 10, 20, 30.
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And it's right at
us, what happens to that grid?
>>STEVENS: It goes down.
It goes down.
And--
>>NOORY: It's fried.
>>STEVENS: It's fried.
And we've had national
exercises, these grid down
exercises that happened
recently, last fall.
So they always telegraph
what's going to happen ahead
of time, whether it's in movies,
whether it's in exercises.
What has been curious
is that exercises
that are well advertised
often coincide
with some significant
real world event.
>>NOORY: Real event.
>>STEVENS: Real event.
>>NOORY: Like that day.
>>STEVENS: Truly.
Like under the cover--
>>NOORY: What great timing, huh?
>>STEVENS: Please.
All the forces are
there and engaged.
So I think that's why a lot
of us feel a little uneasy.
A little bit on edge.
And that we really can't push
this planet and this mode
of civilization a lot further.
We've nearly exhausted
our natural resources.
I mean, what we're
doing to get natural gas
now is obscene, utterly
obscene to the planet.
>>NOORY: You're not a
fracking fan, are you?
>>STEVENS: I think it'll be
a big mistake in hindsight.
There's technology that we can
use that will be free energy,
and there's no need to blow all
these clay seals between water
and petroleum products, and
pull it out of the ground.
So what?
So we can drive?
That's insane.
It's utterly insane.
>>NOORY: There are
some, Scott, who
say that we are in the beginning
stages of a mini ice age.
>>STEVENS: I agree.
I think that's what
the sun is showing us.
Is that it is-- I mean the solar
cycle was big in 2000, 2001.
This last one has
been significantly
lower than expected.
And so you've got the
solar scientists going,
oh, something's changed.
>>NOORY: And it doesn't
mean-- and correct me--
but an ice age
doesn't mean you don't
get warm weather in the summer.
>>STEVENS: No.
>>NOORY: But your winters are
longer, and longer, and longer.
So snow that would normally
melt, doesn't melt.
>>STEVENS: Doesn't.
>>NOORY: It just stays.
>>STEVENS: Something
else that would change
would be the quantity
of water vapor
in the atmosphere
would be reduced,
because as we
re-glaciate the poles,
we'll have less surface
area of the ocean
available to evaporate.
Ocean temperatures will also be
correspondingly cooler-- less
evaporation.
So what we'll see is
glaciation at the tops.
There will be zones around
that which will be green.
And then vast, vast portions of
the planet which will be dry.
Not too dissimilar to Mars.
But it's a temporary phase.
>>NOORY: Take the opposite
effect of where you're headed,
and the manipulation
is intent is
to make things better
for us, not worse.
You don't believe that,
but is it possible?
>>STEVENS: Absolutely.
And that's why I'm
here with you today,
is because I believe that we
can have public oversight.
It is our money being
spent to do this.
If we didn't have a
fiat dollar system that
had to use true national
physical treasury
to do with this--
gold, silver, land--
it wouldn't have
gotten off the ground.
It wouldn't have happened.
It's only because we have
this funny money that we
can pull off these huge games.
So I think when we get enough
public awareness correctly
understanding what's going on,
that we can get it changed.
We truly can.
I believe that's possible.
>>NOORY: I'm a huge
believer, a huge believer
in a divine presence here.
>>STEVENS: Me too.
>>NOORY: Something was smart
enough to develop things.
But what has been, for me,
the most unbelievable thought
is a planet, the
Gaiam theory of Gaia.
This planet that has the ability
to live, it's alive, it's
an organism.
>>STEVENS: Indeed.
>>NOORY: How would have thought
that trees, and shrubbery,
and grass, and all these things
that need to live on water,
would then make it rain so
that all those things would
have those elements?
It's brilliant.
>>STEVENS: It is brilliant.
>>NOORY: Somebody designed it.
This didn't happen by accident.
>>STEVENS: I agree.
We have this discussion
that it's either
creationism or evolution.
>>NOORY: Why not both?
>>STEVENS: Things are
created so they can evolve.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>STEVENS: This is why we--
>>NOORY: And let it go.
>>STEVENS: This is
why we have children,
so they can evolve
and improve us.
This is why we start
a project like Gaiam.
Why you do your show.
We create something so we
can evolve, so we can change.
And so we need to
bring-- there's a place,
and it's not far off, where
science and spirit will merge.
That oneness will happen.
The dogma and doctrine
will fall away
because at some point
in the near future,
it simply won't make sense.
It won't pass rational thought.
There won't be a historical
precedence for it.
It just won't make sense.
And we'll be looking for a
new foundation, a new footing.
And science and spirit
will have this oneness,
and then humanity will finally
graduate from our childhood,
and we can join those
in the stars, who
are just waiting
for us to say, hey!
I'm present!
I'm here!
I'm available!
Rather than oh,
they don't exist.
There is no god.
There's nothing up there.
It's just us and that's
all there is to it.
You know, we're not isolated.
But yet we are.
And it's only because we've
chosen to isolate ourselves.
>>NOORY: We have had
severe tornadoes recently.
Are they manipulated?
>>STEVENS: Everything.
Everything, George.
I have been on tornado chases
and seen Chinook helicopters
off in the distance.
[MOTOR SOUND]
>>NOORY: Tornado on the ground.
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
They're watching.
So there's real
time surveillance
of what's going on.
I think if you
wanted to put down
a tornado in Moore,
Oklahoma, because it
happens more often there--
>>NOORY: It does, yeah.
>>STEVENS: --that you could
put a red target on it,
and they could hit
it within two blocks.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
>>STEVENS: I think
they're really--
>>NOORY: And
generate the vortex.
>>STEVENS: Easily.
Easily.
I mean the natural
energy is that spiral.
>>NOORY: Do you think
some of these tornadoes
are experiments, and saying
let's see what we can create,
and how big can we get it?
Can we turn it into an F5?
>>STEVENS: Absolutely.
And I think a lot of that
experimentation happened
in the '70s and '80s.
Wichita Falls, Texas in '79.
The snow in Miami in '77.
That's when the
experimentation was
happening in the '70s and '80s.
And then they got better
and better and better.
I've got pictures of
just west of here,
Walden, Colorado in
1987, winter of '87.
These massive tsunami
waves rolling south--
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>STEVENS: --across
the mountains.
I mean massive.
Without chemtrails.
They're remotely trying to
introduce the right waves
and resonance in the atmosphere
to get the desired effect.
So now that they've got
1,000 or more planes here
in the Americas
doing this program,
they can finely tune
these waves so it
doesn't look so
freakin' out of normal.
And so it looks like it could
be plausibly natural weather.
And that's what
they need to do is
keep turning up the heat
little bit by little bit
by little bit,
without us recognizing
that we're in trouble.
Biggest hurricane
ever this past year.
Largest, strongest wind speed,
what, 235 miles an hour.
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>STEVENS: And previous--
>>NOORY: The one that
hit the Philippines?
>>STEVENS: Yes.
The previous record
wind speed was
out of Mount Washington
at 231 miles per hour back
in the 1930s, I believe.
And that's blown away
with a hurricane,
and blown away by like
70, 80 miles an hour.
Broke the previous record.
That is so in your face.
Do you see it?
Do you recognize
what's going on?
That's where we are, and
they're trying to say, wake up!
Wake up!
>>NOORY: Big stuff.
Let's take a look
at our last photo.
What the heck is this?
>>STEVENS: This was 2006, and it
was the edge of a thunderstorm.
And so what we have
are three chemtrails.
And I'm talking about
disturbances or distortions
or rips in the trails,
and we've marked those.
Whether it's how the
powders drip off the bottom,
or are drawn off the top.
>>NOORY: Those yellow
marks are yours.
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
Those yellow marks are mine.
So the bottom mark,
you can see where
the trail looks
like it's pregnant.
It's got a bulge off the side.
So there's some resonance wave
that is very small in scale,
likely less than two
miles in diameter,
that is pushing those powders,
pushing those aerosols off
to one side.
And then it returns
back to the zero line.
And it's just this is what
they're up there to do,
is to measure and to see how
these electrical or orgon
influences are behaving.
And they, in turn,
entrain the atmosphere.
>>NOORY: Great promo for a
channel four in whatever city
that might be.
>>STEVENS: Truly.
Truly.
When hurricane, I
believe it was Wilma,
was coming to shore in South
Florida, in the eye of Wilma
was the number two, the
alphanumeric number two.
And it was at that time, a
category two hurricane just
prior to landfall.
The National Weather Service out
of Tampa caught the number two,
and then the local
station down in Fort Myers
caught the number two in
the middle of that eye.
They're that good.
I have seen faces drawn in
the tops of storms-- little
smiley faces.
They are that bold, that
arrogant, yet that creative
in doing what they're doing.
The question is do you see it?
>>NOORY: Well, maybe people
are beginning to see it.
>>STEVENS: I believe so.
>>NOORY: Programs like this.
Where does this all take us?
Where do we end up
5, 10 years from now?
>>STEVENS: For me,
if there's a way
to blow the cover off the
military-industrial complex,
and their true long-term
agenda for mankind,
it is the weather manipulation.
Because the number
of victims that
have been subjected
to this equals
the population on the planet.
It is every one of us.
We have had to endure personal
loss, financial loss, loss
of life, loss.
>>NOORY: Well, you
do know what they
will say if caught and revealed.
Well, we were trying
to change the weather
to make things
happen for people.
So plants would grow, and
droughts would go away.
That's what they're
going to say.
>>STEVENS: And then we'll do
forensics on the last 40 years
and say, that's a lie.
>>NOORY: It's not working.
>>STEVENS: That's a lie.
>>NOORY: Good attempt,
but you failed completely.
>>STEVENS: Yeah.
And so, I think
awareness is imminent.
And being able to talk to these
researchers and just show them,
if I had had somebody
10 years ago just point
out these things
to me, I would have
begun looking at the sky sooner.
Without a bias that, oh,
that's just an air wave.
The plane is just doing
what it's going to do.
But it's planes investigating
anomalies, drawn out
by previous trails.
That was the clincher for me.
>>NOORY: If Scott
Stevens 10 years ago
had seen Scott Stevens today
on "Beyond Belief" talking
about this, what would
that of Scott Stevens
said 10 years ago?
This guy's nuts?
>>STEVENS: No.
Dude, you've got balls for
getting out there and talking
about this.
>>NOORY: Somebody's got to.
>>STEVENS: Somebody has to.
And I really, really--
>>NOORY: People want
more information on you,
where do they find you?
>>STEVENS: Weatherwars.info
is the big one.
And then dealing with detox
and keeping everything healthy,
it's Bluewateralchemy.com.
>>NOORY: OK, very good.
Scottie, thank you.
>>STEVENS: Thank you.
Good to be here.
>>NOORY: Always a pleasure.
Keep watching the skies for us.
>>STEVENS: I'll keep
looking up, George.
>>NOORY: Yup.
Because that's the only way
we're going to catch this.
Just keep looking up.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
>> [BACKGROUND MUSIC]